If one is to believe the trite saying that a journey is more important than arriving, then any aspiring writer; unknown to the world and below the glossy magazine radar, should always grasp the advantages implicit therein of their seemingly low-key mortal existence. The case in point in this instance, was an Englishman of a classical educational upbringing seeking out Papa Hemingway in one of the main surroundings that appeared to have contributed significantly to his genius. Not that Arthur St Germain was not versed in the European world of literature. Educated back home in expensive private schools by well to do parents; his formative upbringing had imbued him with a comprehension of all the greats in English literature. Later he had expanded a natural inclination to explore the French, German, Italian and Russian writers as well. Yet time and time again, he returned to Papa Hemingway. The first reading of For Whom the Bell Tolls was the eyeopener. Fiesta drew him in even more. And all the while, there was this constant question in his mind, as to what it was that shaped the man himself. Superficially, there was the: drinking, the succession of wives and the search for danger. But all this failed to either answer or satisfy. It was thus, at the age of forty-five that Arthur found himself for the first time in Cuba; a country and a people that seemed to encapsulate all that Papa loved and from which he derived so much. He arrived by plane on a Tuesday evening in September. The weather was, (as all the year round), hot and sunny. Rain had fallen during the night and there was a clean freshness in the air. A yellow 1950's Studebaker, complete with tail fins picked him from the airport and took him to one of the poorer parts of Havana. His destination, was a Casa Particular (a private home), where the government now allowed Cuban families to rent out one of their extra bedrooms to tourists, and where often the family would cook for you. He wanted on this visit to observe, yet stay detached. To absorb a city that was falling into a kind of perverse timeworn splendour and disrepair; bereft of shop signs or neon lights; akin a time machine back in the 1950s; yet where against the magnificence of the decaying architecture there was a vibrance in the human element, unsuppressed and constant. The journey took them past the Malecon sea wall, a magnet for tourists and Cubans alike. This was the superficial outer skin of Cuba, where old Europeans from the cruise ships looked to get laid in memory of their youthful dawn, and where backpackers felt they had arrived at where it was at. Wide eyed Miami tourists with cameras, distinct in garish shorts mingled as best they could with the locals. Whilst the jinetera and their opportunistic amateur pimps viewed the implicit potential in feeding off the migrating herds.